   
individual-project-nikithakallepalli
All the source code files are placed in src folder.

I have ran my project on IntelliJ. So, In order to execute the project please run Main.java file.

I have ran all the three input files. To add the new input files in Main.java file, please remove the filename placed in line number 14 and add another filename.

In Main.java file, When you give correct input to view the outputfile without any errors, You can see the filename which is placed in line number 83. which is named as output.csv

When the validation fails then you will get error message in a output.txt file placed in line number 43 in Main.java file.

All the Input and output files are place in database folder.

If you want to change the dataset and card files They are place in Database.java file in line number 11,12.

I have used the patterns Iterator, Factory and Adapter to execute the project.

Below is the class diagram of my project. class_diagram

Below are the input output files which are generated by for three input files. The cap on all the items Luxury : 3, Essentials: 5, Misc: 6 are mention in lines from 9 to 11 in Main.java file.

For the Input1 - Sheet1 the output1.csv file is placed under database folder and below is the screenshot for the output1.

image

For the Input2 - Sheet1 the output1.csv file is placed under database folder and below is the screenshot for the output1.
image

For the Input3 - Sheet1 the output1.csv file is placed under database folder and below is the screenshot for the output1.
image

Below are the Dataset.csv file image and Cards - Sheet1.csv
image

image

Terminal Screen: image
